[BACKPORT] DOC-10808: make the performance impact more prominent. (#783)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/sync-api/sync-function-api-access.adoc

<.> The null arguments mean these are treated as no-ops
====

> WARNING: Invoking the 'access()' function multiple times to grant the same user access to the same channel, will result in negative performance implications such as abnormally large fetches or request timeouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: If you invoke the `access()` function multiple times to grant the same user access to the same channel, you could see negative performance effects, such as large fetches or request timeouts. 
```
If this is a backport, let's make sure we're using the same text.

Author: Nice, done!
